Ray docs changes (#164)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/ray/cluster-yaml.md

#### Image tag and image hash

Image tag and image hash properties refer to the virtual machine images that Golem provider nodes will start to host the Ray on Golem software.

> Ray on Golem by default uses preprepared images including [relatively fresh](/docs/creators/ray/supported-versions-and-other-limitations#python-and-ray-image-base) Python and Ray versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray on Golem uses prepackaged VM images including [relatively fresh](/docs/creators/ray/supported-versions-and-other-limitations#python-and-ray-image-base) Python and Ray versions.
```
